as night falls the situation turns into
a crisis
the Cubs head straight towards the
village
[Music]
this could be disastrous to the Cubs
dangerous for the people and jeopardize
everything flips worked so hard for so
much is at stake
yet flip even enlists help from a local
tourist Lodge
I think huge should drive past us now
and you can do it for us can you don't
tell people that device online hearing
you watching them very carefully and
tell them if they come anywhere close to
the village no dark them just so they
know and see that it's not just us or
favoring the lines that there but they
expense college line this is flicking a
tail and what injustice
the liens are just a quarter of a mile
from the village when flip decides to
intervene by broadcasting a lion roar he
hopes the Cubs will be distracted
okay just tell us when they leave at
first it's not clear whether his pan is
working it looks like they're turning
around and coming back into the room
just watching them carefully like they
need to barely see them and so I'll get
back to you and I know thankfully as the
Cubs turned back down the river and away
from the village
flip can relax even so he stays with
them until he's sure they're well out of
danger
you